# Parasset: Value Reconstruction Based on Oracle

---

With the version upgrade of NEST Protocol, NEST Token and quotation certificates with a circulation of more than 5 million have been updated to a dual-track quotation mechanism, that is, each mining requires a total of 120 ETH quotation assets and 200,000 NEST (no more than 5 million) The quotation certificate also requires at least 60ETH and 100,000 NEST) to obtain quotation qualification. Miners holding asset quotes also bear the risk of asset fluctuations. Parallel assets start from internal requirements and try to establish a closed loop of applications. Mortgage asset quotes, only need to pay interest expenses, can reduce the loss caused by the fluctuation of various assets. Stability is a relative concept. An asset with a volatility of 0 relative to ETH is a stable currency of ETH, but we generally set anchor assets as legal currency. Due to decentralization and high liquidity, the two processes of mortgage and liquidation are involved, which constitute the two core risks of mortgage: downtime risk and liquidation risk. Downtime risk refers to the length of time from the beginning of the mortgage to the triggering of liquidation. Liquidation risk refers to the ability to normally liquidate assets that are not lower than the mortgage rate. The price trend is generally effective in the long-term (there may be fluctuations in the short-term, causing the liquidation may not be completed), and the triggering of the shutdown is the price reaching the liquidation line. Assuming that the risk-free return of funds is 0, a person mortgages a loan, and once the machine stops, he gets the interest income from the beginning of the loan to the stop time. In the case of a given interest rate, different mortgage rates at different time points will allow the lender to get different returns. The essence of liquidation risk is whether the collateral can be quickly traded within the prescribed liquidation time. This will be affected by the three factors of volatility, asset liquidity and liquidation scale. There is a fixed ratio between the mortgage rate and the liquidation line, within a range of 10% to 20%. Liquidation may also fail. For example, poor liquidity leads to so-called short positions, or the entire liquidation scale is too large to make liquidation impossible.